java c
LQB7018: CARRIAGE OF GOODS BY SEA 
ACADEMIC SESSION 2021/2022: SEMESTER II
Answer TWO (2) questions only. 1. Explain   what    is    meant    by   the   term    “safe   port”   .   To   what   extent   was   the   charterer’s   obligation   to   nominate   a   safe   port   modified   by   the   decision   of the   House   of   Lords   in The Evia (1982)?   What   questions,   if   any,   have   been   left   unanswered by that case? (*20 marks) 2. “While deductions from hire are permissible, deductions from freight are not.”   Is   this   an   accurate   statement   of   the   law   and,   if   so,   do   you   consider   that   the      distinction   is   justified? (*20 marks) 3. Solo Carriers S.A. let their ship, the   Millennium Falcon to   Galactic Empire on   time   charter   for   a    period   of   “   minimum   5    months    maximum   6    months”   .   The   charterparty   provided,
“The Captain is to sign Bills of Lading   for   cargo   presented   in   accordance   with   Mate’s   or   Tally   Clerk’s   receipts.”The   Millennium   Falcon   was   delivered   under the   charterparty   on   1   April   2021.   On    19   August   the   ship   was    performing   her   fourth   voyage   and   was   due   to   complete discharging her cargo on or about 29 August. On   19 August,   Galactic   Empire gave instructions to Solo Carriers to proceed to   Alderaan to load a cargo   of sugar for discharge at two safe ports, Tatooine. After inquiries   , Solo Carriers   established   that   there   was   severe   congestion   at   Alderaan   and   that    it   was   unlikely   that   the   ship   could   complete   discharge   at   the   second   discharge   port   until early   October.Solo   Carriers were   also   informed   of   rumours that   ammunition   had   been found   in   bagged   sugar   cargoes   from   Alderaan   in   recent   months.   Solo   Carriers   are   also concerned that Galactic Empire is suffering from a cash flow problem. Solo   Carriers   would   like   to   clause   any   bills   of   lading   issued   in   respect   of   the   last   voyage to   protect   Solo   Carrier’s   right to   lien the   cargo   should   Galactic   Empire   fail to pay the final   hire   instalment   in   full.
On 22 August Solo Carriers ask   for your advice. (*20 marks) 4. Luke chartered the Death Star   from Vader under a voyage charter to proceed   to   one   or   two   safe   port代 写LQB7018: CARRIAGE OF GOODS BY SEA ACADEMIC SESSION 2021/2022: SEMESTER IIPython
代做程序编程语言s   in   Coruscant,   to   be   nominated   by   the   charterer   and   thereat to   load a full   cargo of frozen   fish   for   carriage   to   Stewjon.   The   terms   of   the   charterparty   required   the   charterer   to   nominate   a   reachable   berth   at   each   port   and   made   provision   for   five   lay   days   at   each   loading   port,   Sundays   and   public   holidays excepted. A further clause   provided   that   laytime would   not   run   while    loading    was    prevented    by      ice,    floods      or      strikes.      Luke      subsequently   nominated the ports of Naboo   and   Dagobah.The   Death   Star   reached   Naboo   late   on   Saturday   evening 20   November 2021,   but was required to anchor at the usual waiting   place   outside   port   limits for two   days, because no berths were available. When a berth became free at 8.00   am   on 23   November, the   Death Star was   prevented from   proceeding to   it because   of a temporary shortage of tugs. When the   Death   Star   did   berth   at   8.00   am   on   24   November,   loading was   delayed for a   further four   days   because   Luke   was   unable    to    transport      a      consignment      of      haddock      from      a       local      refrigerated   warehouse, where   it   had   been   stored   awaiting   shipment,   because   of   ice   on   a   canal linking the warehouse with the docks. When the consignment of haddock   eventually reached the docks on 28 November, loading proceeded normally for   two   days,   after   which   it   was   interrupted   by   a   48-hour   strike   of   stevedores.   Loading was completed within a further 24   hours.The   Death Star then sailed for   Dagobah where the   bulk of the   remaining cargo   was   loaded within   two   days.   However,   Luke   held   back   five   crates   of fish for   a   further three   days   because   he   had   heard of a fall   in the   market   price   of fish   at   Stewjon. The   loading was   nevertheless completed   within the five   lay days,   but   the Death Star   was prevented   from sailing   for a   further   21 days by a combination   of ice and thick fog which   was   a   frequent   occurrence   off   Dagobah   at   that   time   of   year.
Advise Vader as to any claims he   might have   in   respect   of the   delay   at   the   two   ports. (*20 marks) 

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
